hello friends this video I'm going to dedicate
to talk about the hitman saga
for all the fans of this saga it
will have realized that in the first
title that they took out of this saga was not
very good that is said I downloaded myself
long ago the first game of this saga
and I really did not like it very much and only what
I played a little bit but when the
second part
wow it was a radical change the one that
they made people 47 the gameplay
it was much better and obviously also
graphics improved the second part was
flame edmans and slow 'without and can
download from the web I currently have a
video on my channel with the download e
installation of id man 3 called
kidman with tracks that is very very
similar to the second part of the saga
but like all games it's just the
continuity of past games as
it is
adm and blood money or id man 4 this
game already came to surpass more than anything
in graphics and in game quality already
that was a more complete game and that was
the most popular of all the titles
previous
and also his level of difficulty was more
complicated than the others and now we see
that in the new big man up solution that
is the fifth installment of the saga as already
they will only go out for big consoles
as are ps3 and xbox also pc the
graphics that we'll see are going to be so
minus twice as many graphics as we had
in it man 4 how will they already see in one of the
best trailer of this title there are
for now you will see that the graphics are
to die for and that is to get the most
the capacity of the consoles should
show some spectacular graphics already
I'm going to leave you a mixture
officer who left a few days ago and
showing how the game is
completely
and mrs
why
fifteen
I hope you enjoyed this
small video that I leave with a
summary of what is the saga of hitman
if you liked the video denles lic
add them to your favorites in case
they want to see again on another occasion and
If they are new to the channel, subscribe to
have more great games like this one
see you soon